DOCS-11518-mqtt3-first-version-kt (#1579)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: mqtt3/1.0.0/modules/ROOT/pages/mqtt3-connector-lwt-message.adoc

= Configure Last Will And Testament Messages

> Set a last will and testament message to ensure that if the client disconnects temporarily or permanently from the broker, a message is sent to a specific LWT topic, notifying all its subscribers of the client’s disconnection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a last will and testament (LWT) message to ensure that if the client disconnects temporarily or permanently from the broker, a message is sent to a specific LWT topic, notifying all its subscribers of the client’s disconnection.
```

The LWT message is set at the time the connection to the broker is established.

> Configure the last will and testament message in the XML configuration element and specify whether you want the broker to retain that message or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the LWT message in the XML configuration element and specify whether or not you want the broker to retain that message.
```
